with an age range between three and just
under five Irene will find out how her
feathered research partner compares to
young humans but before we begin let's
hear from the contestants and what do
you think when you grow up
why would you like to be a pirate and
when you grow up what do you think you'd
like to be um
aspire a spider do you know what you're
gonna be when you grow up yeah what a
big boy you gonna be a big boy and your
way while in a little while you and a
twelve griffin's ambitions are more
basic okay it's round one the
contestants have to name three different
materials starting with a chunk of rock
rock but Bertie would you call this rock
very good and what would you call this
an item a young tomato okay mater pay
for a good birdie what do you think
that's made of paper paper you're right
what material do you think it is a selca
okay that's a shame
next it's pot the colour can what color
or orange what colour know what collar
is fine orange car no here's yellow will
tell me what color Oh orange that's
right after a strong start Griffin has
lost points on the colors and the four
year olds have taken the lead but he
still has the same score as the three
year old finally it's the real bird
brain teaser counting corners starting
with a six cornered hexagon
five six that's right good job how many
corners is I have insula for how many
corner good corner six corner that's
right what do you want next a
deceivingly simple to corner deal it's
how many corners does that have point
you to very good job
how many corner know how many corner to
to what good job
you tell me how many corners that has
one two three four five six eight nine
ten eleven - okay so after three rounds
the result in these few tasks Griffin
has proved he has the capability of a
three and a half year old child
impressive for an animal with a brain
the size of a walnut
the children were were natural and who
they were and they had some interesting
responses I think it showed that you
know Griffin is about the level of a
three and a half year old child which is
exactly what we thought